docs/dashboard.rst, before:

.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*-

Dashboard
=========

The present page lists the original C functions defined in the API doc of FreeImage, as well as their Python counterpart. The tables below give an accurate image of the project advancement.


Bitmap functions
----------------


General functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

============================= =========================================
C                             Python
============================= =========================================
FreeImage_Initialise          Not needed [#fn1]_
FreeImage_DeInitialise        Not needed [#fn1]_
FreeImage_GetVersion          :data:`pyfreeimage.__version__`
FreeImage_GetCopyrightMessage :data:`pyfreeimage.__copyright_message__`
FreeImage_SetOutputMessage    Not implemented
============================= =========================================


Bitmap management functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_Allocate
FreeImage_AllocateT
FreeImage_Load
FreeImage_LoadU
FreeImage_LoadFromHandle
FreeImage_Save
FreeImage_SaveU
FreeImage_SaveToHandle
FreeImage_Clone
FreeImage_Unload
======================== ======


Bitmap information functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

============================== ======
C                              Python
============================== ======
FreeImage_GetImageType
FreeImage_GetColorsUsed
FreeImage_GetBPP
FreeImage_GetWidth
FreeImage_GetHeight
FreeImage_GetLine
FreeImage_GetPitch
FreeImage_GetDIBSize
FreeImage_GetPalette
FreeImage_GetDotsPerMeterX
FreeImage_GetDotsPerMeterY
FreeImage_SetDotsPerMeterX
FreeImage_SetDotsPerMeterY
FreeImage_GetInfoHeader
FreeImage_GetInfo
FreeImage_GetColorType
FreeImage_GetRedMask
FreeImage_GetGreenMask
FreeImage_GetBlueMask
FreeImage_GetTransparencyCount
FreeImage_GetTransparencyTable
FreeImage_SetTransparencyTable
FreeImage_SetTransparent
FreeImage_IsTransparent
FreeImage_SetTransparentIndex
FreeImage_GetTransparentIndex
FreeImage_HasBackgroundColor
FreeImage_GetBackgroundColor
FreeImage_SetBackgroundColor
FreeImage_HasPixels
FreeImage_GetThumbnail
FreeImage_SetThumbnail
============================== ======


Filetype functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=============================== ======
C                               Python
=============================== ======
FreeImage_GetFileType
FreeImage_GetFileTypeU
FreeImage_GetFileTypeFromHandle
FreeImage_GetFileTypeFromMemory
=============================== ======


Pixel access functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================= ======
C                       Python
======================= ======
FreeImage_GetBits
FreeImage_GetScanLine
FreeImage_GetPixelIndex
FreeImage_GetPixelColor
FreeImage_SetPixelIndex
FreeImage_SetPixelColor
======================= ======


Conversion functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=============================== ======
C                               Python
=============================== ======
FreeImage_ConvertTo4Bits
FreeImage_ConvertTo8Bits
FreeImage_ConvertToGreyscale
FreeImage_ConvertTo16Bits555
FreeImage_ConvertTo16Bits565
FreeImage_ConvertTo24Bits
FreeImage_ConvertTo32Bits
FreeImage_ColorQuantize
FreeImage_ColorQuantizeEx
FreeImage_Threshold
FreeImage_Dither
FreeImage_ConvertFromRawBits
FreeImage_ConvertToRawBits
FreeImage_ConvertToStandardType
FreeImage_ConvertToFloat
FreeImage_ConvertToRGBF
FreeImage_ConvertToUINT16
FreeImage_ConvertToRGB16
=============================== ======


Tone mapping operators
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

========================= ======
C                         Python
========================= ======
FreeImage_ToneMapping
FreeImage_TmoDrago03
FreeImage_TmoReinhard05
FreeImage_TmoReinhard05Ex
FreeImage_TmoFattal02
========================= ======


ICC profile functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=========================== ======
C                           Python
=========================== ======
FreeImage_GetICCProfile
FreeImage_CreateICCProfile
FreeImage_DestroyICCProfile
=========================== ======


Plugin functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

================================ ======
C                                Python
================================ ======
FreeImage_GetFIFCount
FreeImage_SetPluginEnabled
FreeImage_IsPluginEnabled
FreeImage_GetFIFFromFormat
FreeImage_GetFIFFromMime
FreeImage_GetFIFMimeType
FreeImage_GetFormatFromFIF
FreeImage_GetFIFExtensionList
FreeImage_GetFIFDescription
FreeImage_GetFIFRegExpr
FreeImage_GetFIFFromFilename
FreeImage_GetFIFFromFilenameU
FreeImage_FIFSupportsReading
FreeImage_FIFSupportsWriting
FreeImage_FIFSupportsExportType
FreeImage_FIFSupportsExportBPP
FreeImage_FIFSupportsICCProfiles
FreeImage_FIFSupportsNoPixels
FreeImage_RegisterLocalPlugin
FreeImage_RegisterExternalPlugin
================================ ======


Multipage functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=================================== ======
C                                   Python
=================================== ======
FreeImage_OpenMultiBitmap
FreeImage_OpenMultiBitmapFromHandle
FreeImage_SaveMultiBitmapToHandle
FreeImage_CloseMultiBitmap
FreeImage_GetPageCount
FreeImage_AppendPage
FreeImage_InsertPage
FreeImage_DeletePage
FreeImage_LockPage
FreeImage_UnlockPage
FreeImage_MovePage
FreeImage_GetLockedPageNumbers
=================================== ======


Memory I/O streams
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=================================== ======
C                                   Python
=================================== ======
FreeImage_OpenMemory
FreeImage_CloseMemory
FreeImage_LoadFromMemory
FreeImage_SaveToMemory
FreeImage_AcquireMemory
FreeImage_TellMemory
FreeImage_SeekMemory
FreeImage_ReadMemory
FreeImage_WriteMemory
FreeImage_LoadMultiBitmapFromMemory
FreeImage_SaveMultiBitmapToMemory
=================================== ======


Compression functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_ZLibCompress
FreeImage_ZLibUncompress
FreeImage_ZLibGZip
FreeImage_ZLibCRC32
FreeImage_ZlibGUnzip
======================== ======


Helper functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_IsLittleEndian
FreeImage_LookupX11Color
FreeImage_LookupSVGColor
======================== ======


Metadata functions
------------------


Tag creation and destruction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=================== =====================================
C                   Python
=================== =====================================
FreeImage_CreateTag
FreeImage_DeleteTag
FreeImage_CloneTag  :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.copy`
=================== =====================================


Tag accessors
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=========================== ============================================
C                           Python
=========================== ============================================
FreeImage_GetTagKey         :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.key`
FreeImage_GetTagDescription :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.description`
FreeImage_GetTagID          :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.id`
FreeImage_GetTagType        :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.type`
FreeImage_GetTagCount       :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.count`
FreeImage_GetTagLength
FreeImage_GetTagValue       :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.value`
FreeImage_SetTagKey
FreeImage_SetTagDescription
FreeImage_SetTagID
FreeImage_SetTagType
FreeImage_SetTagCount
FreeImage_SetTagLength
FreeImage_SetTagValue
=========================== ============================================


Metadata iterator
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=========================== ====================================
C                           Python
=========================== ====================================
FreeImage_FindFirstMetadata :func:`pyfreeimage.image.Image.tags`
FreeImage_FindNextMetadata  :func:`pyfreeimage.image.Image.tags`
FreeImage_FindCloseMetadata :func:`pyfreeimage.image.Image.tags`
=========================== ====================================


Metadata accessors
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

===================== ===================================
C                     Python
===================== ===================================
FreeImage_GetMetadata :func:`pyfreeimage.image.Image.tag`
FreeImage_SetMetadata
===================== ===================================


Metadata helper functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

========================== ======================================
C                          Python
========================== ======================================
FreeImage_GetMetadataCount
FreeImage_CloneMetadata
FreeImage_TagToString      :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.value`
========================== ======================================


Toolkit functions
-----------------


Rotation and flipping
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_Rotate
FreeImage_RotateEx
FreeImage_FlipHorizontal
FreeImage_FlipVertical
======================== ======


Upsampling / downsampling
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================= ======
C                       Python
======================= ======
FreeImage_Rescale
FreeImage_MakeThumbnail
======================= ======


Color manipulation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

==================================== ======
C                                    Python
==================================== ======
FreeImage_AdjustCurve
FreeImage_AdjustGamma
FreeImage_AdjustBrightness
FreeImage_AdjustContrast
FreeImage_Invert
FreeImage_GetHistogram
FreeImage_GetAdjustColorsLookupTable
FreeImage_AdjustColors
FreeImage_ApplyColorMapping
FreeImage_SwapColors
FreeImage_ApplyPaletteIndexMapping
FreeImage_SwapPaletteIndices
==================================== ======


Channel processing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=========================== ======
C                           Python
=========================== ======
FreeImage_GetChannel
FreeImage_SetChannel
FreeImage_GetComplexChannel
FreeImage_SetComplexChannel
=========================== ======


Copy / Paste / Composite routines
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

============================== ======
C                              Python
============================== ======
FreeImage_Copy
FreeImage_Paste
FreeImage_Composite
FreeImage_PreMultiplyWithAlpha
============================== ======


JPEG lossless transformations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

========================================= ======
C                                         Python
========================================= ======
FreeImage_JPEGTransform
FreeImage_JPEGTransformU
FreeImage_JPEGCrop
FreeImage_JPEGCropU
FreeImage_JPEGTransformCombined
FreeImage_JPEGTransformCombinedU
FreeImage_JPEGTransformCombinedFromMemory
========================================= ======


Background filling
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_FillBackground
FreeImage_EnlargeCanvas
FreeImage_AllocateEx
FreeImage_AllocateExT
======================== ======


Miscellaneous algorithms
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

================================ ======
C                                Python
================================ ======
FreeImage_MultigridPoissonSolver
================================ ======

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#fn1] Automatically called when using the dynamic version of the library.

Commit message:

Added local TOC to dashboard.

docs/dashboard.rst, after:

.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*-

Dashboard
=========

The present page lists the original C functions defined in the API doc of FreeImage, as well as their Python counterpart. The tables below give an accurate image of the project advancement. The same ordering as the FreeImage documentation is adopted below.


.. contents:: Contents
   :local:


Bitmap functions
----------------


General functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

============================= =========================================
C                             Python
============================= =========================================
FreeImage_Initialise          Not needed [#fn1]_
FreeImage_DeInitialise        Not needed [#fn1]_
FreeImage_GetVersion          :data:`pyfreeimage.__version__`
FreeImage_GetCopyrightMessage :data:`pyfreeimage.__copyright_message__`
FreeImage_SetOutputMessage    Not implemented
============================= =========================================


Bitmap management functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_Allocate
FreeImage_AllocateT
FreeImage_Load
FreeImage_LoadU
FreeImage_LoadFromHandle
FreeImage_Save
FreeImage_SaveU
FreeImage_SaveToHandle
FreeImage_Clone
FreeImage_Unload
======================== ======


Bitmap information functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

============================== ======
C                              Python
============================== ======
FreeImage_GetImageType
FreeImage_GetColorsUsed
FreeImage_GetBPP
FreeImage_GetWidth
FreeImage_GetHeight
FreeImage_GetLine
FreeImage_GetPitch
FreeImage_GetDIBSize
FreeImage_GetPalette
FreeImage_GetDotsPerMeterX
FreeImage_GetDotsPerMeterY
FreeImage_SetDotsPerMeterX
FreeImage_SetDotsPerMeterY
FreeImage_GetInfoHeader
FreeImage_GetInfo
FreeImage_GetColorType
FreeImage_GetRedMask
FreeImage_GetGreenMask
FreeImage_GetBlueMask
FreeImage_GetTransparencyCount
FreeImage_GetTransparencyTable
FreeImage_SetTransparencyTable
FreeImage_SetTransparent
FreeImage_IsTransparent
FreeImage_SetTransparentIndex
FreeImage_GetTransparentIndex
FreeImage_HasBackgroundColor
FreeImage_GetBackgroundColor
FreeImage_SetBackgroundColor
FreeImage_HasPixels
FreeImage_GetThumbnail
FreeImage_SetThumbnail
============================== ======


Filetype functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=============================== ======
C                               Python
=============================== ======
FreeImage_GetFileType
FreeImage_GetFileTypeU
FreeImage_GetFileTypeFromHandle
FreeImage_GetFileTypeFromMemory
=============================== ======


Pixel access functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================= ======
C                       Python
======================= ======
FreeImage_GetBits
FreeImage_GetScanLine
FreeImage_GetPixelIndex
FreeImage_GetPixelColor
FreeImage_SetPixelIndex
FreeImage_SetPixelColor
======================= ======


Conversion functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=============================== ======
C                               Python
=============================== ======
FreeImage_ConvertTo4Bits
FreeImage_ConvertTo8Bits
FreeImage_ConvertToGreyscale
FreeImage_ConvertTo16Bits555
FreeImage_ConvertTo16Bits565
FreeImage_ConvertTo24Bits
FreeImage_ConvertTo32Bits
FreeImage_ColorQuantize
FreeImage_ColorQuantizeEx
FreeImage_Threshold
FreeImage_Dither
FreeImage_ConvertFromRawBits
FreeImage_ConvertToRawBits
FreeImage_ConvertToStandardType
FreeImage_ConvertToFloat
FreeImage_ConvertToRGBF
FreeImage_ConvertToUINT16
FreeImage_ConvertToRGB16
=============================== ======


Tone mapping operators
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

========================= ======
C                         Python
========================= ======
FreeImage_ToneMapping
FreeImage_TmoDrago03
FreeImage_TmoReinhard05
FreeImage_TmoReinhard05Ex
FreeImage_TmoFattal02
========================= ======


ICC profile functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=========================== ======
C                           Python
=========================== ======
FreeImage_GetICCProfile
FreeImage_CreateICCProfile
FreeImage_DestroyICCProfile
=========================== ======


Plugin functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

================================ ======
C                                Python
================================ ======
FreeImage_GetFIFCount
FreeImage_SetPluginEnabled
FreeImage_IsPluginEnabled
FreeImage_GetFIFFromFormat
FreeImage_GetFIFFromMime
FreeImage_GetFIFMimeType
FreeImage_GetFormatFromFIF
FreeImage_GetFIFExtensionList
FreeImage_GetFIFDescription
FreeImage_GetFIFRegExpr
FreeImage_GetFIFFromFilename
FreeImage_GetFIFFromFilenameU
FreeImage_FIFSupportsReading
FreeImage_FIFSupportsWriting
FreeImage_FIFSupportsExportType
FreeImage_FIFSupportsExportBPP
FreeImage_FIFSupportsICCProfiles
FreeImage_FIFSupportsNoPixels
FreeImage_RegisterLocalPlugin
FreeImage_RegisterExternalPlugin
================================ ======


Multipage functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=================================== ======
C                                   Python
=================================== ======
FreeImage_OpenMultiBitmap
FreeImage_OpenMultiBitmapFromHandle
FreeImage_SaveMultiBitmapToHandle
FreeImage_CloseMultiBitmap
FreeImage_GetPageCount
FreeImage_AppendPage
FreeImage_InsertPage
FreeImage_DeletePage
FreeImage_LockPage
FreeImage_UnlockPage
FreeImage_MovePage
FreeImage_GetLockedPageNumbers
=================================== ======


Memory I/O streams
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=================================== ======
C                                   Python
=================================== ======
FreeImage_OpenMemory
FreeImage_CloseMemory
FreeImage_LoadFromMemory
FreeImage_SaveToMemory
FreeImage_AcquireMemory
FreeImage_TellMemory
FreeImage_SeekMemory
FreeImage_ReadMemory
FreeImage_WriteMemory
FreeImage_LoadMultiBitmapFromMemory
FreeImage_SaveMultiBitmapToMemory
=================================== ======


Compression functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_ZLibCompress
FreeImage_ZLibUncompress
FreeImage_ZLibGZip
FreeImage_ZLibCRC32
FreeImage_ZlibGUnzip
======================== ======


Helper functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_IsLittleEndian
FreeImage_LookupX11Color
FreeImage_LookupSVGColor
======================== ======


Metadata functions
------------------


Tag creation and destruction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=================== =====================================
C                   Python
=================== =====================================
FreeImage_CreateTag
FreeImage_DeleteTag
FreeImage_CloneTag  :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.copy`
=================== =====================================


Tag accessors
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=========================== ============================================
C                           Python
=========================== ============================================
FreeImage_GetTagKey         :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.key`
FreeImage_GetTagDescription :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.description`
FreeImage_GetTagID          :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.id`
FreeImage_GetTagType        :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.type`
FreeImage_GetTagCount       :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.count`
FreeImage_GetTagLength
FreeImage_GetTagValue       :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.value`
FreeImage_SetTagKey
FreeImage_SetTagDescription
FreeImage_SetTagID
FreeImage_SetTagType
FreeImage_SetTagCount
FreeImage_SetTagLength
FreeImage_SetTagValue
=========================== ============================================


Metadata iterator
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=========================== ====================================
C                           Python
=========================== ====================================
FreeImage_FindFirstMetadata :func:`pyfreeimage.image.Image.tags`
FreeImage_FindNextMetadata  :func:`pyfreeimage.image.Image.tags`
FreeImage_FindCloseMetadata :func:`pyfreeimage.image.Image.tags`
=========================== ====================================


Metadata accessors
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

===================== ===================================
C                     Python
===================== ===================================
FreeImage_GetMetadata :func:`pyfreeimage.image.Image.tag`
FreeImage_SetMetadata
===================== ===================================


Metadata helper functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

========================== ======================================
C                          Python
========================== ======================================
FreeImage_GetMetadataCount
FreeImage_CloneMetadata
FreeImage_TagToString      :func:`pyfreeimage.metadata.Tag.value`
========================== ======================================


Toolkit functions
-----------------


Rotation and flipping
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_Rotate
FreeImage_RotateEx
FreeImage_FlipHorizontal
FreeImage_FlipVertical
======================== ======


Upsampling / downsampling
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================= ======
C                       Python
======================= ======
FreeImage_Rescale
FreeImage_MakeThumbnail
======================= ======


Color manipulation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

==================================== ======
C                                    Python
==================================== ======
FreeImage_AdjustCurve
FreeImage_AdjustGamma
FreeImage_AdjustBrightness
FreeImage_AdjustContrast
FreeImage_Invert
FreeImage_GetHistogram
FreeImage_GetAdjustColorsLookupTable
FreeImage_AdjustColors
FreeImage_ApplyColorMapping
FreeImage_SwapColors
FreeImage_ApplyPaletteIndexMapping
FreeImage_SwapPaletteIndices
==================================== ======


Channel processing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

=========================== ======
C                           Python
=========================== ======
FreeImage_GetChannel
FreeImage_SetChannel
FreeImage_GetComplexChannel
FreeImage_SetComplexChannel
=========================== ======


Copy / Paste / Composite routines
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

============================== ======
C                              Python
============================== ======
FreeImage_Copy
FreeImage_Paste
FreeImage_Composite
FreeImage_PreMultiplyWithAlpha
============================== ======


JPEG lossless transformations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

========================================= ======
C                                         Python
========================================= ======
FreeImage_JPEGTransform
FreeImage_JPEGTransformU
FreeImage_JPEGCrop
FreeImage_JPEGCropU
FreeImage_JPEGTransformCombined
FreeImage_JPEGTransformCombinedU
FreeImage_JPEGTransformCombinedFromMemory
========================================= ======


Background filling
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

======================== ======
C                        Python
======================== ======
FreeImage_FillBackground
FreeImage_EnlargeCanvas
FreeImage_AllocateEx
FreeImage_AllocateExT
======================== ======


Miscellaneous algorithms
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

================================ ======
C                                Python
================================ ======
FreeImage_MultigridPoissonSolver
================================ ======

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#fn1] Automatically called when using the dynamic version of the library.
